Hud10837/show location history (#802)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/show-location-history/README.md

# Show location history

Display your location history on the map.

> ![Image of show location history](show-location-history.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of show location history](show-location-history.png)
```

## Use case

You can track device location history and display it as lines and points on the map. The history can be used to visualize how the user moved through the world, to retrace their steps, or to create new feature geometry. An unmapped trail, for example, could be added to the map using this technique.

## How to use the sample

> Tap the floating action button to start tracking your location, which will appear as points on the map. A line will connect the points for easier visualization. Tap the button again to stop updating the location history. This sample uses a simulated data source to allow the sample to be useful on desktop/non-mobile devices. To track a user's real position, use the `DefaultLocationDataSource` instead.

Reviewer: Probably don't need the comment about desktop devices

Author: good point!

## How it works

> 1. If necessary, request location permission from the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Request location permission from the Android operating system.
```

I know this may have been granted already, but probably best to remove ambiguity in case someone things certain devices or OS versions don't need this permission

> 2. Create a graphics overlay to show each point and another graphics overlay for displaying the route line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a graphics overlay to show each point and another graphics overlay to display the route polyline.
```

3. Create a `SimulatedLocationDataSource` and initialize it with a polyline. Start the `SimulatedLocationDataSource` to begin receiving location updates.

> 4. Use `simulatedLocationDataSource.addLocationChangedListener {...}` to handle location updates.
> 5. Every time the location updates, store that location, display a point on the map, and recreate the route line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use a `LocationChangedListener` on the `simulatedLocationDataSource` to get location updates. 
5. On location updates, store that location, display the location as a point on the map, and recreate the route polyline.
```
